[docs] Add url to suggested @sentry/react-native/expo config object as per sentry docs. npx sentry-expo-upload-sourcemaps fails without url specified (#29043)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-sentry.mdx

        "@sentry/react-native/expo",
        {
          "organization": "sentry org slug, or use the `SENTRY_ORG` environment variable",
          "project": "sentry project name, or use the `SENTRY_PROJECT` environment variable",

>           "url": "https://sentry.io/ (or if you are using a self-hosted instance, the url of that e.g. https://self-hosted.example.com/)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          // If you are using a self-hosted instance, update the value of the url property
          // to point towards your self-hosted instance. For example, https://self-hosted.example.com/.
          "url": "https://sentry.io/"
```

Let's remove the explanation and instead use a comment. If the plugin example here is copy pasted into a project's app config, it might break because of that.
